Json processdata fix for objects with zero-indexed keys (#18762)
yiisoft/yii2: framework/UPGRADE.md

  ```sql
  INSERT INTO `some_table` (`int_unsigned_col`) VALUES (22)
  ```

> * Json::encode() can now handle zero-indexed objects same way as json_encode() and keep them as objects.
>   In order to avoid breaking BC this is enabled by a new option flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Json::encode()` can now handle zero-indexed objects in same way as `json_encode()` and keep them as objects. In order to avoid breaking backwards compatibility this behavior could be enabled by a new option flag but is disabled by default.
```

>   * Set ```yii/helpers/Json::$keepObjectType = true``` anywhere in your application code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Set `yii/helpers/Json::$keepObjectType = true` anywhere in your application code
```
